The most important part of MATH 1554 linear algebra 2552 diff EQ is literacy. Yep, literacy. Just ignore all that algebra stuff and skip straight to literacy. We must use reading comprehension, the chaddest method of solving linear systems in 1554 linear algebra 2552 diff EQ  in order to solve problems. You have a problem with literacy? Go back to language arts you dumbass
The most important part of CS 1331 is JavaFX. Yes, JavaFX. skip all the information about classes, interfaces, and error handling. The only part that matters is GUI development. We will use JavaFX, the chadliest GUI software to build an app that handles new business ideas. Got a problem with JavaFX, go back to AP CSP you moron.
The most important part of Georgia Tech Dual Enrollment is simping for kavin. Yep, kavin. Just ignore all that ⁠❔year-1-qs and skip straight to simping for kavin. We must use glazing, the chaddest method of simping for kavin in Georgia Tech Dual Enrollment in order to get kavin to end us aheart emoji. You have a problem with kavin? Go back to GT main you loser... oh wait... you can't lol
The most important part of the GTDE Discord server is copypastas. Yep, copypastas. Just ignore all that ⁠⁠⁠introductions stuff and skip straight to the AP Scholar copypasta. We must use chatGPT, the chaddest method of making copypastas in the GTDE Discord Server. You have a problem with copypastas? Go back to piazza you pizza slice
The most important part of MATH 2551 multivariable calculus is calculating the volume of an ice cream cone. Yep, ice cream cones. Just ignore all that partial derivative stuff and skip straight to the ice cream cone section. We must use spherical coordinates, the chaddest coordinate system in MATH 2551 multivariable calculus in order to solve the ice cream cone problem. You have a problem with ice cream cones? Go back to single variable calculus you dumbass
The most important part of MATH 1554 linear algebra is calculating the output vector of a Leontief model. Yep, Leontief models. Just ignore all that eigenvalue stuff and skip straight to the Leontief section. We must use row reduction, the chaddest method of solving linear systems in MATH 1554 linear algebra in order to solve the Leontief problem. You have a problem with Leontief? Go back to precalculus you dumbass
The most important part of MATH 3012 Applied Combinatorics is making friends. Yep, making friends. Just ignore all that graph theory and skip straight to Piazza to beg. We must use “please I promise I shower weekly,” the chaddest method of asking for friends in MATH 3012 Combinatorics in order to get big numbers. You have a problem with making friends? Go back to- actually, we can't help you with that.
The most important part of MATH #### any class is procrastinating assignments. Yep, procrastination. Just ignore everything until the last possible minute. We must use "due later, do later", the best quote from MATH ####. What you have a problem with 11:59 pm? Turn in your assignments on time then
The most important part about GTDE is elitism. Yep, elitism. Just ignore all that collaboration stuff and jump straight to making fun of year 1 kids. We must use bragging about Morley Award, the chaddest way to make fun of casuals in GTDE. You have a problem with the Morley Award? Go back to middle school you ⚠️ loser ⚠️
The most important part of the GTDE Discord server is no AI. Yep, no AI. Just ignore all that ⁠⁠introductions stuff and be a fucking human. We must NEVER use chatGPT, the chaddest method of making copypastas in the GTDE Discord Server. You have a problem with no AI? Go back to GSU DE stupid idiot
The most important part of MATH 1554 Linear Algebra is the PageRank algorithm. Yep, Markov chains. Just ignore all that Leontief stuff and skip straight to the PageRank section. We must use stochastic matrices, the chaddest method of creating an entire Internet in MATH 1554 Linear Algebra. You have a problem with PageRank? Go back to https://google.com/ you dumbass
The most important part of the Common Application is clicking the celebrate button. Yep, celebrate button. Just ignore all that "What's next" stuff and skip straight to the celebrate button. We must use speed clicking, the chaddest method in the Common Application in order to get the maximum yield of celebrations. You have a problem with clicking buttons? Go back to cookie clicker you dumbass
The most important part of Math 3012 applied combinatorics is Henry and Su. Yep, Henry and Su. Just ignore all the material and professor trotter and go straight to chanting Henry and Su. We must use begging, the chaddest method of getting Henry or Su to answer our questions. Have a problem with Henry or Su? Go back to year 1 you *******
The most important part of MATH 1554 linear algebra is banning @amuhak or @Aarush Magic . Yep, moderation. Just ignore all that matrix operation stuff and go straight to being a Discord mod. We must use quoting ⁠rules, the chaddest method of moderation in MATH 1554 linear algebra in order to have a community that posts memes on the right channel. You have a problem with powertripping? Go back to your mother dumbass.
The most important part of MATH 1554 linear algebra is watching 3blue1brown. Yep, YouTube. Just ignore all that matrix operation stuff and go straight to the geometric interpretation. We must use spatial intuition, the chaddest method of understanding linear transformations in MATH 1554 linear algebra in order to solve Ax = b. You have a problem with 3blue1brown? Go back to precalculus dumbass
The most important part of MATH 1554 linear algebra is staying positive. Yep, positivity. Just ignore all that fancy math stuff and go outside. We must have sleep and physical exercise, the chaddest method of maintaining sanity in MATH 1554 linear algebra in order to improve our mental state. You have a problem with positivity? Go back to your meager, sad existence
The most important part of MATH 3012 applied combinatorics is logging in properly. Yep, logins. Just ignore all that fancy math stuff, go ahead and log onto passport-prod.gatech.edu. We must enter our passwords manually, the chaddest method of gaining access to your GT online services. You have a problem with logins? Go back to Year 1 you dumbass
The most important part of MATH 3012 applied combinatorics is touching grass. Yep, grass. Just ignore all that fancy math stuff and go touch some grass. We must the power of friendship, the chaddest method of passing MATH 3012 applied combinatorics. You have a problem with grass? Go back to Year 1 you dumbass
The most important part of MATH 2552 differential equations is using string (". Yep, string (". Just ignore all that differential equations stuff and skip straight to the string (" section. We must use string (", the chaddest string in MATH 2552 differential equations in order to solve the webwork problem. You have a problem with string ("? Go back to calc 2 you dumbass
The most important part of CS 1301 introduction to computing is tic-tac toe agents. Yes, tic tac toe agents. Just ignore all that algorithms stuff and skip straight to the tic-tac toe agents. We must use monte carlo search trees, the chaddest method of making good tic-tac toe agents in CS 1301 introduction to computing in order to make a tic-tac toe agent. You have a problem with tic-tac toe agents? Go back to "programming" on scratch you dumbass.
The most important part of CS 1331 intro to object oriented programming is Big O notation. Yes, big O notation. Just ignore all that java FX stuff and skip straight to the time complexity section. We must use trial and error and tracing, the chaddest method of solving big O notation in CS 1331 intro to object oriented programming in order to solve the notation problem. You have a problem with Big O notation? Go back to AP CSP you dumbass.
The most important part of watching harem anime is choosing the best girl in the harem. Yep, best girl. Just ignore all those plot developments and skip straight to the girl selection process. We must use our expertise in recognizing different archetypes of anime girls, the chaddest skill in the harem anime world, in order to determine the best girl. You have a problem with harem anime? Go back to watching regular anime, you pleb.
The most important part of college applications is essays. Yep, essays. Just ignore all that testing and activities stuff and skip straight to the essays.  We must use writing, the chaddest part of college apps in order to get into GT. You have a problem with summarizing your value in 650 words or less? Go back to junior year, you dumbass.
The most important part of chemistry is petting cats. Yep, cats. Just ignore all that stoichiometry stuff and skip straight to the cat section. We must use my little scrungly wungly's favorite brush, the chaddest tool in chemistry in order to solve the "my cat needs attention" problem. You have a problem with cats? Go back to biology you dumbass
The most important part of the GT Dual Enrollment discord server is making "most important part of" shitposts. Yep, shitposts. Just ignore all that studying stuff and skip straight to the shitposts. We must use copy pasting, the chaddest method of making shitty shitposts on the internet in order to make people "laugh". You have a problem with shitposts? Go back to Piazza you dumbass.
The most important part of MATH 1554 linear algebra is reading Yep, ABCs. Just ignore all that eigenvalue stuff and skip straight to the ABCs. We must use letter recognition, the chaddest method of reading books in MATH 1554 linear algebra in order to pass the class. You have a problem with reading? Go back to kindergarten you dumbass
The most important part of Georgia Tech Dual Enrollment Math is smoging at exams. Yep, smoging at exams. Just ignore all that fake math theory and skip straight to the smoging section. We must use coping seething and malding, the chaddest method of smoging in Georgia Tech Dual Enrollment Math in order to handle the problem of having a high skill issue. You have a problem with taking this L + ratio? Go back to introductory yepping you dumbass
the most important part of scheduling is math. yep, the math. none of the pre req chains or gt scheduler. we must use algebra and arithmetic, the chaddest forms of math, to create schedules. have an issue with that? go to UGA dumbass
The most important part of GT Dual Enrollment Discord is hearing this dumb raccoon and fox talk about the glories of ECE. Yep, singing the praises of Advanced Micro Devices. Just ignore all that just emotes and doin your mom and skip straight to the all hail Linux section. We must use YepU, the chaddest method of convincing everyone in the GT Dual Enrollment Discord to take on ECE in order to solve the most important problems, such as beating out Shintel and laughing at CS majors. You have a problem with someone who's name means 30 in Portuguese shilling the glories of Asbestosland? Go back to Calc BC you dumbass
The most important part of GT Dual Enrollment DIscord is doing your mom. Yep, doing your mom. Just ignore all that just emotes and skip straight to the doing your mom section. We must use sneaking out the window, the chaddest method of doing your mom in GT Dual Enrollment Discord in order to solve the doing your mom problem. You have a problem with doing your mom? Go back to being a prospie you dumbass
ahem The most important part of MATH 2551 multivariable calculus is calculating the volume 🅿️. Yep, 🅿️. Just ignore all that partial derivative stuff and skip straight to the 🅿️ section. We must use  coordinates, the chaddest coordinate system in MATH 2551 multivariable calculus in order to solve the 🅿️ problem. You have a problem with 🅿️? Go back to single variable calculus you dumbass
The most important part of MATH 2552 differential equations is submitting webwork homework. Yep, webwork homework. Just ignore all that differential equation stuff and skip straight to the webwork section. We must use spamming, the chaddest method of submitting webwork homework in MATH 2552 differential equations in order to solve the webwork problem. You have a problem with webwork homework? Go back to mml you dumbass
The most important part of living in the state of Georgia is expecting snow yet getting no snow. Yep, pure, unadulterated disappointment. Just ignore all that chick-fil-a and 28-3 and sun is a deadly laser and shotgun diplomacy stuff and skip straight to the staring at weather forecasts in wintertime section. We must use the Weather Channel app, the chaddest method of getting our hopes up for snow in order to disappoint ourselves once again. You have a problem with being cucked by Jack Frost? Go back to being a Yankee up north you dumbass
The most important part of MATH 2551 multivariable calculus is screaming into the void. Yep, screaming into the void. Just ignore all that partial derivative and surface integral and whatever da fuck a flow is stuff and skip straight to the AAAAAAAAHHHHH section. We must use throat box and larynx torture , the chaddest method of abandoning your sanity in MATH 2551 multivariable calculus in order to scream into the void. You have a problem with screaming into the void? Go back to calc BC you dumbass
The most important part of Math 3012 is sarcastic piaza responses. Yup, sarcasm. Ignore the proofs themselves, embrace the sarcasm. You have a problem with being told a difficult problem is easy? Go back to year 1 you dumbass.
The most important part of Year 2 linear algebra is a deserted piazza. Yep, never posting. Just ignore all that year 1 posting and skip straight to never posting.  We must use discord, the chaddest method of solving any doubt in Year 2 in order to solve our doubts. You have a problem with never using piazza? Go back to year 1 you dumbass.
The most important part of MATH 1554 linear algebra is solving by inspection. Yep, inspection. Just ignore all that algebra stuff and skip straight to inspection.  We must use intuition, the chaddest method of solving linear systems in MATH 1554 linear algebra in order to solve by inspection. You have a problem with inspection? Go back to algebra you dumbass
The most important part of MATH 2552 differential equations is calculating the complex eigenvalues of a linear system. Yep, complex eigenvalues. Just ignore all that Laplace transform stuff and skip straight to the complex eigenvalues section. We must use wolfram alpha, the chaddest program in MATH 2552 differential equations in order to solve the complex eigenvalues problem. You have a problem with complex eigenvalues? Go back to linear algebra you dumbass
The most important part of MATH 1554 linear algebra exams is making sure to not violate the Honor Code of the Georgia Institute of Technology. Yep, the honor code. Just ignore all that plagiarism, cheating, improper calculator use, and improper notes use and skip straight to the Honor Code section. We must use our brains, pencils, paper, and nothing else, the chaddest method of solving linear systems in MATH 1554 linear algebra in order to ace the exams. You have a problem with the Honor Code? Go back to high school you dumbass
The most important part of Precalculus is using the power of a circle to come up with random trig magic tricks. Yep, just circles. We must use the whole host of trig identities - but how do we prove them? Circles. Only circles, all circles, limacons and lemniscates are part circles, and sin^2 + cos^2 = 1 is circles. TRIGgered by any of this or think this is a sin? Square up and go back to Geometry, you fool!